c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe.config
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Resources\PRENOM.txt
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Form1.resources
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe.config
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Resources\PRENOM.txt
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Alx\Documents\GitHub\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\DataGitHub\2015-01-01-15.json
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Resources\PRENOM.txt
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe.config
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Controllers.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Core.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Credentials.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Factories.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Logic.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Security.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.Streams.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Tweetinvi.WebLogic.dll
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csproj.App.config
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Form1.resources
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.indexWorkers.resources
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
D:\Git\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker-master\StalkerWorker\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
