c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\Resources\PRENOM.txt
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.Test.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.Test.pdb
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.exe
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\Facebook.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\StalkerWorker.pdb
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\Facebook.xml
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Test.dll
c:\users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\obj\Debug\StalkerWorker.Test.pdb
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.dll
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Common.xml
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
C:\Users\alexa_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StalkerWorker\StalkerWorker.Test\bin\Debug\ServiceStack.Text.xml
